Allow for automatic content discovery for cross-mounting blobs (#275)
opencontainers/distribution-spec: FAQ.md

**Q: What happens if the `<tagname>` (last) parameter does not exist?**

There is no suggested behavior in the specification for what to do if the tag does not exist. Registries might consider ignoring te parameter, or assuming a non-existing tag is at the start or the end of the sorted list. In the first case, at the start of the list would imply returning the entire set of tags. In the second cast, at the end of the list would imply returningan empty list, as it references the last tag onward (an empty set).

**Q: How are clients expected to adopt (and probe for) automatic content discovery support?**

> The process of mounting a blob is supposed to fail in such a way that if a blob cannot be cross-mounted, the registry is supposed to initiate an upload. Clients should try to use the automatic content discovery mechanism. Non-conformant 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process of mounting a blob is supposed to fail in such a way that if a blob cannot be cross-mounted, the registry initiates an upload. Clients should try to use the automatic content discovery mechanism. Nonconformant 
```

> registries may return a non-201 or non-202 error code. If the client is trying to be defensive to non-complaint registries, and receives a non-201 or non-202 error code, it should fall back to other methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
registries may return a non-201 or non-202 error code. If the client is trying to be defensive to nonconformant registries, and receives a non-201 or non-202 error code, it should fall back to other methods.
```

Reviewer: Instead of "fall back to other methods", maybe link to https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/blob/main/spec.md#pushing-blobs

**Q: How come `from` is required on cross-repo mount for some registries?**

> Mounting without having to specify `from`, also known as automatic content discovery, requires the registry to determine whether or not a blob exists in a repository. If the existence check for the blob is done first, an immediate failure will 

Reviewer: > also known as automatic content discovery

This is kind of confusing because we've already called tag listing "Content Discovery" here: https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/blob/main/spec.md#content-discovery

And "automatic content discovery" doesn't really fit into that theme. We're also less interested in the discovery part than the "mounting" part.

I don't have a great suggestion as an alternative, but we often refer to this as "short-circuiting" an upload internally. Maybe "automatic blob mounting" or something could work, too.

Author: How about
"Automatic mount origin discovery"
